README.md, before:

# n8n Social Media Posting Automation

Part of the **SermonPressAI** open-source workflow collection, this repository contains **n8n workflows for churches that automatically generate and post sermon announcements to social media**.

When a church uploads its latest sermon, these workflows pull the sermon’s title, passage, description, and link, then format them into multiple ready-to-use post options for platforms like Facebook. Each post is biblically grounded, engaging, and written to encourage viewers to watch the full sermon.

---

## 📌 Features

* **Automatic Post Generation** – Creates multiple post variations when a new sermon is uploaded.
* **Biblically Rooted Content** – Pulls from the sermon’s text and theme to produce Christ-centered summaries.
* **Custom Formatting** – Includes clickable links to the full sermon and can embed Scripture references.
* **Multi-Platform Ready** – Posts can be sent to Facebook automatically, with options to add Instagram, Twitter/X, and more.
* **Workflow Modularity** – Churches can adapt templates, tone, and formatting to fit their congregation’s style.
* **No Manual Copy/Paste** – Automates repetitive posting tasks while maintaining quality and theological accuracy.

---

## 🛠 Requirements

* **n8n** (self-hosted or cloud)
* Access to your church’s sermon data (API, RSS feed, or other integration)
* API credentials for connected social media platforms
  *(Store securely in n8n’s credentials manager or a `.env` file — never commit credentials to the repository.)*

### Environment Variables & Credentials

| Name | Purpose | Where to set |
| ---- | ------- | ------------ |
| `WORDPRESS_BASE_URL` | Base URL of your WordPress site (without trailing slash). Used by HTTP Request nodes to pull sermon data. | Environment variable in n8n |
| `OpenAi account` | OpenAI API key used for generating Facebook post content. | n8n credentials manager |

---

## 📂 Repository Structure

```
/workflows       - n8n workflow export files (.json)
/docs            - Setup and configuration instructions
/templates       - Example post templates (long & short form)
.gitignore       - Prevents committing sensitive or local files
LICENSE          - MIT Open-Source Licensing
README.md        - This file
```

---

## 🚀 Setup & Usage

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SermonPress-AI/n8n-social-media-posting-automation.git
   cd n8n-social-media-posting-automation
   ```

2. **Import Workflows into n8n**

   * Open n8n.
   * Go to **Import from File** and select a `.json` workflow from `/workflows`.

3. **Configure Credentials**

   * Add Facebook and any other platform credentials to n8n’s credentials manager.
   * Connect your sermon data source (API, RSS feed, etc.).

4. **Test the Workflow**

   * Trigger the workflow manually with sample sermon data.
   * Verify the generated posts and ensure they appear correctly on your social media accounts.

---

## 🔒 Security Notes

* Never commit API keys, tokens, or passwords.
* Use n8n’s built-in credentials manager for sensitive information.

### Environment-specific exclusions

The repository's `.gitignore` prevents committing local files that should remain private, including:

* `.env` – environment variables
* `credentials.json` – service credentials
* `node_modules/` – installed dependencies

Add any other files specific to your setup to `.gitignore` to keep them out of version control.

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** – see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🌐 About SermonPressAI

**SermonPressAI** is an open-source initiative providing modular automation workflows for churches.
Each repository serves a specific function — from transcription, to content generation, to social posting — allowing churches to pick and choose the tools that fit their needs.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions from developers, churches, and volunteers:

* Fork this repository
* Create a new branch for your feature or fix
* Submit a pull request with a clear description

---

## 📧 Contact

For questions or support, reach out via the SermonPressAI GitHub Discussions or Issues page.

Commit message:

docs: remove nonexistent folder references

README.md, after:

# n8n Social Media Posting Automation

Part of the **SermonPressAI** open-source workflow collection, this repository contains **n8n workflows for churches that automatically generate and post sermon announcements to social media**.

When a church uploads its latest sermon, these workflows pull the sermon’s title, passage, description, and link, then format them into multiple ready-to-use post options for platforms like Facebook. Each post is biblically grounded, engaging, and written to encourage viewers to watch the full sermon.

---

## 📌 Features

* **Automatic Post Generation** – Creates multiple post variations when a new sermon is uploaded.
* **Biblically Rooted Content** – Pulls from the sermon’s text and theme to produce Christ-centered summaries.
* **Custom Formatting** – Includes clickable links to the full sermon and can embed Scripture references.
* **Multi-Platform Ready** – Posts can be sent to Facebook automatically, with options to add Instagram, Twitter/X, and more.
* **Workflow Modularity** – Churches can adapt templates, tone, and formatting to fit their congregation’s style.
* **No Manual Copy/Paste** – Automates repetitive posting tasks while maintaining quality and theological accuracy.

---

## 🛠 Requirements

* **n8n** (self-hosted or cloud)
* Access to your church’s sermon data (API, RSS feed, or other integration)
* API credentials for connected social media platforms
  *(Store securely in n8n’s credentials manager or a `.env` file — never commit credentials to the repository.)*

### Environment Variables & Credentials

| Name | Purpose | Where to set |
| ---- | ------- | ------------ |
| `WORDPRESS_BASE_URL` | Base URL of your WordPress site (without trailing slash). Used by HTTP Request nodes to pull sermon data. | Environment variable in n8n |
| `OpenAi account` | OpenAI API key used for generating Facebook post content. | n8n credentials manager |

---

## 📂 Repository Structure

```
.gitignore                       - Prevents committing sensitive or local files
LICENSE                          - MIT Open-Source Licensing
README.md                        - This file
wordpress-to-facebook-posting.json - Example n8n workflow
```

---

## 🚀 Setup & Usage

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SermonPress-AI/n8n-social-media-posting-automation.git
   cd n8n-social-media-posting-automation
   ```

2. **Import Workflows into n8n**

   * Open n8n.
   * Go to **Import from File** and select the `wordpress-to-facebook-posting.json` workflow file.

3. **Configure Credentials**

   * Add Facebook and any other platform credentials to n8n’s credentials manager.
   * Connect your sermon data source (API, RSS feed, etc.).

4. **Test the Workflow**

   * Trigger the workflow manually with sample sermon data.
   * Verify the generated posts and ensure they appear correctly on your social media accounts.

---

## 🔒 Security Notes

* Never commit API keys, tokens, or passwords.
* Use n8n’s built-in credentials manager for sensitive information.

### Environment-specific exclusions

The repository's `.gitignore` prevents committing local files that should remain private, including:

* `.env` – environment variables
* `credentials.json` – service credentials
* `node_modules/` – installed dependencies

Add any other files specific to your setup to `.gitignore` to keep them out of version control.

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** – see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🌐 About SermonPressAI

**SermonPressAI** is an open-source initiative providing modular automation workflows for churches.
Each repository serves a specific function — from transcription, to content generation, to social posting — allowing churches to pick and choose the tools that fit their needs.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions from developers, churches, and volunteers:

* Fork this repository
* Create a new branch for your feature or fix
* Submit a pull request with a clear description

---

## 📧 Contact

For questions or support, reach out via the SermonPressAI GitHub Discussions or Issues page.
